get-started-linux.md, before:

# Get Started with OpenVINO™ Deep Learning Deployment Toolkit (DLDT) on Linux*

This guide provides you with the information that will help you to start using 
the DLDT on Linux\*. With this guide, you will learn how to:

1. [Configure the Model Optimizer](#configure-the-model-optimizer)
2. [Prepare a model for sample inference](#prepare-a-model-for-sample-inference)
   1. [Download a pre-trained model](#download-a-trained-model)
   2. [Convert the model to an Intermediate Representation (IR) with the Model Optimizer](#convert-the-model-to-an-intermediate-representation-with-the-model-optimizer)
3. [Run the Image Classification Sample Application with the model](#run-the-image-classification-sample-application)

## Prerequisites
1. This guide assumes that you have already cloned the `dldt` repo and 
   successfully built the Inference Engine and Samples using the 
   [build instructions](inference-engine/README.md). 
2. The original structure of the repository directories remains unchanged.

> **NOTE**: Below, the directory to which the `dldt` repository is cloned is 
referred to as `<DLDT_DIR>`.  

## Configure the Model Optimizer

The Model Optimizer is a Python\*-based command line tool for importing trained 
models from popular deep learning frameworks such as Caffe\*, TensorFlow\*, 
Apache MXNet\*, ONNX\* and Kaldi\*.

You cannot perform inference on your trained model without having first run the 
model through the Model Optimizer. When you run a pre-trained model through the 
Model Optimizer, it outputs an *Intermediate Representation*, or *(IR)* of 
the network, a pair of files that describes the whole model:

- `.xml`: Describes the network topology
- `.bin`: Contains the weights and biases binary data

For more information about the Model Optimizer, refer to the 
[Model Optimizer Developer Guide]. 

### Model Optimizer Configuration Steps

You can choose to either configure all supported frameworks at once **OR** 
configure one framework at a time. Choose the option that best suits your needs. 
If you see error messages, check for any missing dependencies.

> **NOTE**: The TensorFlow\* framework is not officially supported on CentOS\*, 
  so the Model Optimizer for TensorFlow cannot be configured on, or run with 
  CentOS.  

> **IMPORTANT**: Internet access is required to execute the following steps 
  successfully. If you access the Internet via proxy server only, please make 
  sure that it is configured in your OS environment as well.

**Option 1: Configure all supported frameworks at the same time**

1.  Go to the Model Optimizer prerequisites directory:
```sh
cd <DLDT_DIR>/model_optimizer/install_prerequisites
```
2.  Run the script to configure the Model Optimizer for Caffe,
    TensorFlow, MXNet, Kaldi\*, and ONNX:
```sh
sudo ./install_prerequisites.sh
```

**Option 2: Configure each framework separately**

Configure individual frameworks separately **ONLY** if you did not select 
**Option 1** above.

1.  Go to the Model Optimizer prerequisites directory:
```sh
cd <DLDT_DIR>/model_optimizer/install_prerequisites
```
2.  Run the script for your model framework. You can run more than one script:

   - For **Caffe**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_caffe.sh
   ```

   - For **TensorFlow**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_tf.sh
   ```

   - For **MXNet**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_mxnet.sh
   ```

   - For **ONNX**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_onnx.sh
   ```

   - For **Kaldi**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_kaldi.sh
   ```
The Model Optimizer is configured for one or more frameworks. Continue to the 
next session to download and prepare a model for running a sample inference.

## Prepare a Model for Sample Inference

This section describes how to get a pre-trained model for sample inference
and how to prepare the optimized Intermediate Representation (IR) that 
Inference Inference Engine uses.


### Download a Trained Model

To run the Image Classification Sample, you need a pre-trained model to run 
the inference on. This guide uses the public SqueezeNet 1.1 Caffe\* model. 
You can find and download this model manually or use the OpenVINO™ 
[Model Downloader]. 

With the Model Downloader, you can download other popular public deep learning 
topologies and [OpenVINO™ pre-trained models], which are already prepared for 
running inference upon a wide list of inference scenarios: 

* object detection, 
* object recognition, 
* object re-identification, 
* human pose estimation, 
* action recognition, and others.

To download the SqueezeNet 1.1 Caffe* model to a `models` folder (referred to 
as `<models_dir>` below) with the Model Downloader:

1. Install the [prerequisites].
2. Run the `downloader.py` script, specifying the topology name and the path 
   to your `<models_dir>`. For example, to download the model to a directory 
   named `~/public_models`, run:
   ```sh
   ./downloader.py --name squeezenet1.1 --output_dir ~/public_models
   ```
   When the model files are successfully downloaded, output similar to the 
   following is printed:
   ```sh
   ###############|| Downloading topologies ||###############

   ========= Downloading /home/username/public_models/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.prototxt
   
   ========= Downloading /home/username/public_models/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel
   ... 100%, 4834 KB, 3157 KB/s, 1 seconds passed

   ###############|| Post processing ||###############

   ========= Changing input dimensions in squeezenet1.1.prototxt =========
   ```

### Convert the model to an Intermediate Representation with the Model Optimizer

> **NOTE**: This section assumes that you have configured the Model Optimizer using the instructions from the [Configure the Model Optimizer](#configure-the-model-optimizer) section.

1. Create a `<ir_dir>` directory that will contains the Intermediate Representation (IR) of the model. 

2. Inference Engine can perform inference on a [list of supported devices] 
   using specific device plugins. Different plugins support models of 
   [different precision formats], such as `FP32`, `FP16`, `INT8`. To prepare an 
   IR to run inference on particular hardware, run the Model Optimizer with the 
   appropriate `--data_type` options:

   **For CPU (FP32):**
   ```sh  
   python3 <DLDT_DIR>/model_optimizer/mo.py --input_model <models_dir>/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel --data_type FP32 --output_dir <ir_dir>
   ```

   **For GPU and MYRIAD (FP16):**
   ```sh  
   python3 <DLDT_DIR>/model_optimizer/mo.py --input_model <models_dir>/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel --data_type FP16 --output_dir <ir_dir>
   ``` 
   After the Model Optimizer script is completed, the produced IR files (`squeezenet1.1.xml`, `squeezenet1.1.bin`) are in the specified `<ir_dir>` directory.

3. Copy the `squeezenet1.1.labels` file from the `<DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/` 
   folder to the model IR directory. This file contains the classes that ImageNet 
   uses so that the inference results show text instead of classification numbers:
   ```sh   
   cp <DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/squeezenet1.1.labels <ir_dir>
   ```

Now you are ready to run the Image Classification Sample Application.

## Run the Image Classification Sample Application

The Inference Engine sample applications are automatically compiled when you 
built the Inference Engine using the [build instructions](inference-engine/README.md). 
The binary files are located in the `<DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/bin/intel64/Release` 
directory.

To run the Image Classification sample application with an input image on the prepared IR: 

1. Go to the samples build directory:
   ```sh
   cd <DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/bin/intel64/Release
   
2. Run the sample executable with specifying the `car.png` file from the 
   `<DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/` directory as an input 
   image, the IR of your model and a plugin for a hardware device to perform 
   inference on:

   **For CPU:**
   ```sh
   ./classification_sample -i <DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d CPU
   ```

   **For GPU:**
   ```sh
   ./classification_sample -i <DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d GPU
   ```
   
   **For MYRIAD:** 

   >**NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute 
   Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires 
   performing [additional hardware configuration steps](inference-engine/README.md#optional-additional-installation-steps-for-the-intel-movidius-neural-compute-stick-and-neural-compute-stick-2).
   ```sh   
   ./classification_sample -i <DLDT_DIR>/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d MYRIAD
   ```

When the Sample Application completes, you will have the label and confidence for the top-10 categories printed on the screen. Below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:    
```sh
Top 10 results:

Image /home/user/dldt/inference-engine/samples/sample_data/car.png

classid probability label
------- ----------- -----
817     0.8363345   sports car, sport car
511     0.0946488   convertible
479     0.0419131   car wheel
751     0.0091071   racer, race car, racing car
436     0.0068161   beach wagon, station wagon, wagon, estate car, beach waggon, station waggon, waggon
656     0.0037564   minivan
586     0.0025741   half track
717     0.0016069   pickup, pickup truck
864     0.0012027   tow truck, tow car, wrecker
581     0.0005882   grille, radiator grille


total inference time: 2.6642941
Average running time of one iteration: 2.6642941 ms

Throughput: 375.3339402 FPS

[ INFO ] Execution successful
```

## Additional Resources

* [OpenVINO™ Release Notes](https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/OpenVINO-RelNotes)
* [Inference Engine build instructions](inference-engine/README.md)
* [Introduction to Intel® Deep Learning Deployment Toolkit](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Introduction.html)
* [Inference Engine Developer Guide](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Deep_Learning_Inference_Engine_DevGuide.html)
* [Model Optimizer Developer Guide]
* [Inference Engine Samples Overview](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview.html). 

[Model Optimizer Developer Guide]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.html
[Model Downloader]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/tools/downloader
[OpenVINO™ pre-trained models]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel
[prerequisites]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/tools/downloader#prerequisites 
[list of supported devices]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_Supported_Devices.html
[different precision formats]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_Supported_Devices.html#supported_model_formats

Commit message:

[Docs] Fixes in readme files: (#750)
- change repo name to openvino
- update driver version
- fix path to samples data
- remove section about Movidius driver installation
- change latest release to 2020.3
- merge fixes in install_dependencies.sh from 2020 branch

get-started-linux.md, after:

# Get Started with OpenVINO™ Toolkit on Linux*

This guide provides you with the information that will help you to start using 
the OpenVINO™ Toolkit on Linux\*. With this guide, you will learn how to:

1. [Configure the Model Optimizer](#configure-the-model-optimizer)
2. [Prepare a model for sample inference](#prepare-a-model-for-sample-inference)
   1. [Download a pre-trained model](#download-a-trained-model)
   2. [Convert the model to an Intermediate Representation (IR) with the Model Optimizer](#convert-the-model-to-an-intermediate-representation-with-the-model-optimizer)
3. [Run the Image Classification Sample Application with the model](#run-the-image-classification-sample-application)

## Prerequisites
1. This guide assumes that you have already cloned the `openvino` repo and 
   successfully built the Inference Engine and Samples using the 
   [build instructions](inference-engine/README.md). 
2. The original structure of the repository directories remains unchanged.

> **NOTE**: Below, the directory to which the `openvino` repository is cloned is 
referred to as `<OPENVINO_DIR>`.  

## Configure the Model Optimizer

The Model Optimizer is a Python\*-based command line tool for importing trained 
models from popular deep learning frameworks such as Caffe\*, TensorFlow\*, 
Apache MXNet\*, ONNX\* and Kaldi\*.

You cannot perform inference on your trained model without having first run the 
model through the Model Optimizer. When you run a pre-trained model through the 
Model Optimizer, it outputs an *Intermediate Representation*, or *(IR)* of 
the network, a pair of files that describes the whole model:

- `.xml`: Describes the network topology
- `.bin`: Contains the weights and biases binary data

For more information about the Model Optimizer, refer to the 
[Model Optimizer Developer Guide]. 

### Model Optimizer Configuration Steps

You can choose to either configure all supported frameworks at once **OR** 
configure one framework at a time. Choose the option that best suits your needs. 
If you see error messages, check for any missing dependencies.

> **NOTE**: The TensorFlow\* framework is not officially supported on CentOS\*, 
  so the Model Optimizer for TensorFlow cannot be configured on, or run with 
  CentOS.  

> **IMPORTANT**: Internet access is required to execute the following steps 
  successfully. If you access the Internet via proxy server only, please make 
  sure that it is configured in your OS environment as well.

**Option 1: Configure all supported frameworks at the same time**

1.  Go to the Model Optimizer prerequisites directory:
```sh
cd <OPENVINO_DIR>/model_optimizer/install_prerequisites
```
2.  Run the script to configure the Model Optimizer for Caffe,
    TensorFlow, MXNet, Kaldi\*, and ONNX:
```sh
sudo ./install_prerequisites.sh
```

**Option 2: Configure each framework separately**

Configure individual frameworks separately **ONLY** if you did not select 
**Option 1** above.

1.  Go to the Model Optimizer prerequisites directory:
```sh
cd <OPENVINO_DIR>/model_optimizer/install_prerequisites
```
2.  Run the script for your model framework. You can run more than one script:

   - For **Caffe**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_caffe.sh
   ```

   - For **TensorFlow**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_tf.sh
   ```

   - For **MXNet**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_mxnet.sh
   ```

   - For **ONNX**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_onnx.sh
   ```

   - For **Kaldi**:
   ```sh
   sudo ./install_prerequisites_kaldi.sh
   ```
The Model Optimizer is configured for one or more frameworks. Continue to the 
next session to download and prepare a model for running a sample inference.

## Prepare a Model for Sample Inference

This section describes how to get a pre-trained model for sample inference
and how to prepare the optimized Intermediate Representation (IR) that 
Inference Inference Engine uses.


### Download a Trained Model

To run the Image Classification Sample, you need a pre-trained model to run 
the inference on. This guide uses the public SqueezeNet 1.1 Caffe\* model. 
You can find and download this model manually or use the OpenVINO™ 
[Model Downloader]. 

With the Model Downloader, you can download other popular public deep learning 
topologies and [OpenVINO™ pre-trained models], which are already prepared for 
running inference upon a wide list of inference scenarios: 

* object detection, 
* object recognition, 
* object re-identification, 
* human pose estimation, 
* action recognition, and others.

To download the SqueezeNet 1.1 Caffe* model to a `models` folder (referred to 
as `<models_dir>` below) with the Model Downloader:

1. Install the [prerequisites].
2. Run the `downloader.py` script, specifying the topology name and the path 
   to your `<models_dir>`. For example, to download the model to a directory 
   named `~/public_models`, run:
   ```sh
   ./downloader.py --name squeezenet1.1 --output_dir ~/public_models
   ```
   When the model files are successfully downloaded, output similar to the 
   following is printed:
   ```sh
   ###############|| Downloading topologies ||###############

   ========= Downloading /home/username/public_models/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.prototxt
   
   ========= Downloading /home/username/public_models/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel
   ... 100%, 4834 KB, 3157 KB/s, 1 seconds passed

   ###############|| Post processing ||###############

   ========= Changing input dimensions in squeezenet1.1.prototxt =========
   ```

### Convert the model to an Intermediate Representation with the Model Optimizer

> **NOTE**: This section assumes that you have configured the Model Optimizer using the instructions from the [Configure the Model Optimizer](#configure-the-model-optimizer) section.

1. Create a `<ir_dir>` directory that will contains the Intermediate Representation (IR) of the model. 

2. Inference Engine can perform inference on a [list of supported devices] 
   using specific device plugins. Different plugins support models of 
   [different precision formats], such as `FP32`, `FP16`, `INT8`. To prepare an 
   IR to run inference on particular hardware, run the Model Optimizer with the 
   appropriate `--data_type` options:

   **For CPU (FP32):**
   ```sh  
   python3 <OPENVINO_DIR>/model_optimizer/mo.py --input_model <models_dir>/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel --data_type FP32 --output_dir <ir_dir>
   ```

   **For GPU and MYRIAD (FP16):**
   ```sh  
   python3 <OPENVINO_DIR>/model_optimizer/mo.py --input_model <models_dir>/classification/squeezenet/1.1/caffe/squeezenet1.1.caffemodel --data_type FP16 --output_dir <ir_dir>
   ``` 
   After the Model Optimizer script is completed, the produced IR files (`squeezenet1.1.xml`, `squeezenet1.1.bin`) are in the specified `<ir_dir>` directory.

3. Copy the `squeezenet1.1.labels` file from the `<OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/` 
   folder to the model IR directory. This file contains the classes that ImageNet 
   uses so that the inference results show text instead of classification numbers:
   ```sh   
   cp <OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/squeezenet1.1.labels <ir_dir>
   ```

Now you are ready to run the Image Classification Sample Application.

## Run the Image Classification Sample Application

The Inference Engine sample applications are automatically compiled when you 
built the Inference Engine using the [build instructions](inference-engine/README.md). 
The binary files are located in the `<OPENVINO_DIR>/inference-engine/bin/intel64/Release` 
directory.

To run the Image Classification sample application with an input image on the prepared IR: 

1. Go to the samples build directory:
   ```sh
   cd <OPENVINO_DIR>/inference-engine/bin/intel64/Release
   
2. Run the sample executable with specifying the `car.png` file from the 
   `<OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/` directory as an input 
   image, the IR of your model and a plugin for a hardware device to perform 
   inference on:

   **For CPU:**
   ```sh
   ./classification_sample -i <OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d CPU
   ```

   **For GPU:**
   ```sh
   ./classification_sample -i <OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d GPU
   ```
   
   **For MYRIAD:** 

   >**NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute 
   Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires 
   performing [additional hardware configuration steps](inference-engine/README.md#optional-additional-installation-steps-for-the-intel-movidius-neural-compute-stick-and-neural-compute-stick-2).
   ```sh   
   ./classification_sample -i <OPENVINO_DIR>/scripts/demo/car.png -m <ir_dir>/squeezenet1.1.xml -d MYRIAD
   ```

When the Sample Application completes, you will have the label and confidence for the top-10 categories printed on the screen. Below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:    
```sh
Top 10 results:

Image /home/user/openvino/scripts/demo/car.png

classid probability label
------- ----------- -----
817     0.8363345   sports car, sport car
511     0.0946488   convertible
479     0.0419131   car wheel
751     0.0091071   racer, race car, racing car
436     0.0068161   beach wagon, station wagon, wagon, estate car, beach waggon, station waggon, waggon
656     0.0037564   minivan
586     0.0025741   half track
717     0.0016069   pickup, pickup truck
864     0.0012027   tow truck, tow car, wrecker
581     0.0005882   grille, radiator grille


total inference time: 2.6642941
Average running time of one iteration: 2.6642941 ms

Throughput: 375.3339402 FPS

[ INFO ] Execution successful
```

## Additional Resources

* [OpenVINO™ Release Notes](https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/OpenVINO-RelNotes)
* [Inference Engine build instructions](inference-engine/README.md)
* [Introduction to Intel® Deep Learning Deployment Toolkit](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Introduction.html)
* [Inference Engine Developer Guide](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Deep_Learning_Inference_Engine_DevGuide.html)
* [Model Optimizer Developer Guide]
* [Inference Engine Samples Overview](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview.html). 

[Model Optimizer Developer Guide]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.html
[Model Downloader]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/tools/downloader
[OpenVINO™ pre-trained models]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel
[prerequisites]:https://github.com/opencv/open_model_zoo/tree/master/tools/downloader#prerequisites 
[list of supported devices]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_Supported_Devices.html
[different precision formats]:https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_Supported_Devices.html#supported_model_formats
