docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow.md, before:

# OpenVINO Workflow {#openvino_workflow}


@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: OpenVINO toolkit workflow usually involves preparation, 
                 optimization, and compression of models, running inference and 
                 deploying deep learning applications.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   Model Preparation <openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction>
   Model Optimization and Compression <openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide>
   Running Inference <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>
   Deployment on a Local System  <openvino_deployment_guide>
   Deployment on a Model Server <ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server>
   pytorch_2_0_torch_compile
   

.. image:: ./_static/images/model_conversion_diagram.svg
   :alt: model conversion diagram

OpenVINO offers multiple workflows, depending on the use case and personal or project preferences.
The diagram above is only a rough representation of the available options, but this section will
give you a detailed view of how you can go from preparing your model, through optimizing it,
to executing inference, and deploying your solution. 


| :doc:`Model Preparation <openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction>`
|    Learn how to convert pre-trained models to OpenVINO IR, using different approaches for more convenience or higher performance.


| :doc:`Model Optimization and Compression <openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide>`
|    Find out how to optimize a model to achieve better inference performance, utilizing multiple optimization methods for both in-training compression and post-training quantization. 


| :doc:`Running Inference <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>`
|    See how to run inference with OpenVINO, which is the most basic form of deployment, and the quickest way of running a deep learning model.

| :doc:`Deployment Option 1. Using OpenVINO Runtime <openvino_deployment_guide>` 
|    Deploy a model locally, reading the file directly from your application and utilizing resources available to the system.
|    Deployment on a local system uses the steps described in the section on running inference.


| :doc:`Deployment Option 2. Using Model Server <ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server>`
|    Deploy a model remotely, connecting your application to an inference server and utilizing external resources, with no impact on the app's performance.
|    Deployment on OpenVINO Model Server is quick and does not require any additional steps described in the section on running inference.


| :doc:`Deployment Option 3. Using torch.compile for PyTorch 2.0  <pytorch_2_0_torch_compile>`
|    Deploy a PyTorch model using OpenVINO in a PyTorch-native application.



@endsphinxdirective

Commit message:

[DOCS] improving the "conversion" section v2 (#20904)
adjustments to conversion and workflow

docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow.md, after:

# OpenVINO Workflow {#openvino_workflow}


@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: OpenVINO toolkit workflow usually involves preparation, 
                 optimization, and compression of models, running inference and 
                 deploying deep learning applications.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   Model Preparation <openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction>
   Model Optimization and Compression <openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide>
   Running Inference <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>
   Deployment on a Local System  <openvino_deployment_guide>
   Deployment on a Model Server <ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server>
   pytorch_2_0_torch_compile
   

OpenVINO offers multiple workflows, depending on the use case and personal or project preferences.
This section will give you a detailed view of how you can go from preparing your model,
through optimizing it, to executing inference, and deploying your solution.

Once you obtain a model in one of the :doc:`supported model formats <Supported_Model_Formats>`,
you can decide how to proceed:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Workflow for convenience

      This approach assumes you run your model directly.      

      .. image:: _static/images/ov_workflow_diagram_convenience.svg
         :align: center
         :alt: OpenVINO workflow diagram for convenience

   .. tab-item:: Workflow for performance (recommended for production)

      This approach assumes you convert your model to OpenVINO IR explicitly, which means the
      conversion stage is not part of the final application. 

      .. image:: _static/images/ov_workflow_diagram_performance.svg
         :align: center
         :alt: OpenVINO workflow diagram for performance



| :doc:`Model Preparation <openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction>`
|    Learn how to convert pre-trained models to OpenVINO IR.

| :doc:`Model Optimization and Compression <openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide>`
|    Find out how to optimize a model to achieve better inference performance, utilizing 
     multiple optimization methods for both in-training compression and post-training quantization. 

| :doc:`Running Inference <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>`
|    See how to run inference with OpenVINO, which is the most basic form of deployment, 
     and the quickest way of running a deep learning model.

| :doc:`Deployment Option 1. Using OpenVINO Runtime <openvino_deployment_guide>` 
|    Deploy a model locally, reading the file directly from your application and utilizing resources available to the system.
|    Deployment on a local system uses the steps described in the section on running inference.

| :doc:`Deployment Option 2. Using Model Server <ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server>`
|    Deploy a model remotely, connecting your application to an inference server and utilizing external resources, with no impact on the app's performance.
|    Deployment on OpenVINO Model Server is quick and does not require any additional steps described in the section on running inference.

| :doc:`Deployment Option 3. Using torch.compile for PyTorch 2.0  <pytorch_2_0_torch_compile>`
|    Deploy a PyTorch model using OpenVINO in a PyTorch-native application.



@endsphinxdirective
