docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/pytorch_specific/Convert_RNNT.md, before:

# Convert PyTorch* RNN-T Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_pytorch_specific_Convert_RNNT}

This instruction covers conversion of RNN-T model from [MLCommons](https://github.com/mlcommons) repository. Follow
the steps below to export a PyTorch* model into ONNX* before converting it to IR:

**Step 1**. Clone RNN-T PyTorch implementation from MLCommons repository (revision r1.0). Make a shallow clone to pull
only RNN-T model without full repository. If you already have a full repository, skip this and go to **Step 2**:
```bash
git clone -b r1.0 -n https://github.com/mlcommons/inference rnnt_for_openvino --depth 1
cd rnnt_for_openvino
git checkout HEAD speech_recognition/rnnt
```

**Step 2**. If you already have a full clone of MLCommons inference repository, create a folder for
pretrained PyTorch model, where conversion into IR will take place. You will also need to specify the path to
your full clone at **Step 5**. Skip this step if you have a shallow clone.

```bash
mkdir rnnt_for_openvino
cd rnnt_for_openvino
```

**Step 3**. Download pretrained weights for PyTorch implementation from [https://zenodo.org/record/3662521#.YG21DugzZaQ](https://zenodo.org/record/3662521#.YG21DugzZaQ).
For UNIX*-like systems you can use `wget`:
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/record/3662521/files/DistributedDataParallel_1576581068.9962234-epoch-100.pt
```
The link was taken from `setup.sh` in the `speech_recoginitin/rnnt` subfolder. You will get exactly the same weights as
if you were following the steps from [https://github.com/mlcommons/inference/tree/master/speech_recognition/rnnt](https://github.com/mlcommons/inference/tree/master/speech_recognition/rnnt).

**Step 4**. Install required Python packages:
```bash
pip3 install torch toml
```

**Step 5**. Export RNN-T model into ONNX with the script below. Copy the code below into a file named
`export_rnnt_to_onnx.py` and run it in the current directory `rnnt_for_openvino`:

> **NOTE**: If you already have a full clone of MLCommons inference repository, you need to
> specify the `mlcommons_inference_path` variable.

```python
import toml
import torch
import sys


def load_and_migrate_checkpoint(ckpt_path):
    checkpoint = torch.load(ckpt_path, map_location="cpu")
    migrated_state_dict = {}
    for key, value in checkpoint['state_dict'].items():
        key = key.replace("joint_net", "joint.net")
        migrated_state_dict[key] = value
    del migrated_state_dict["audio_preprocessor.featurizer.fb"]
    del migrated_state_dict["audio_preprocessor.featurizer.window"]
    return migrated_state_dict


mlcommons_inference_path = './'  # specify relative path for MLCommons inferene
checkpoint_path = 'DistributedDataParallel_1576581068.9962234-epoch-100.pt'
config_toml = 'speech_recognition/rnnt/pytorch/configs/rnnt.toml'
config = toml.load(config_toml)
rnnt_vocab = config['labels']['labels']
sys.path.insert(0, mlcommons_inference_path + 'speech_recognition/rnnt/pytorch')

from model_separable_rnnt import RNNT

model = RNNT(config['rnnt'], len(rnnt_vocab) + 1, feature_config=config['input_eval'])
model.load_state_dict(load_and_migrate_checkpoint(checkpoint_path))

seq_length, batch_size, feature_length = 157, 1, 240
inp = torch.randn([seq_length, batch_size, feature_length])
feature_length = torch.LongTensor([seq_length])
x_padded, x_lens = model.encoder(inp, feature_length)
torch.onnx.export(model.encoder, (inp, feature_length), "rnnt_encoder.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['input', 'feature_length'], output_names=['x_padded', 'x_lens'],
                  dynamic_axes={'input': {0: 'seq_len', 1: 'batch'}})

symbol = torch.LongTensor([[20]])
hidden = torch.randn([2, batch_size, 320]), torch.randn([2, batch_size, 320])
g, hidden = model.prediction.forward(symbol, hidden)
torch.onnx.export(model.prediction, (symbol, hidden), "rnnt_prediction.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['symbol', 'hidden_in_1', 'hidden_in_2'],
                  output_names=['g', 'hidden_out_1', 'hidden_out_2'],
                  dynamic_axes={'symbol': {0: 'batch'}, 'hidden_in_1': {1: 'batch'}, 'hidden_in_2': {1: 'batch'}})

f = torch.randn([batch_size, 1, 1024])
model.joint.forward(f, g)
torch.onnx.export(model.joint, (f, g), "rnnt_joint.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['0', '1'], output_names=['result'], dynamic_axes={'0': {0: 'batch'}, '1': {0: 'batch'}})
```

```bash
python3 export_rnnt_to_onnx.py
```

After completing this step, the files `rnnt_encoder.onnx`, `rnnt_prediction.onnx`, and `rnnt_joint.onnx` will be saved in the current directory.

**Step 6**. Run the conversion commands:

```sh
mo --input_model rnnt_encoder.onnx --input "input[157 1 240],feature_length->157"
mo --input_model rnnt_prediction.onnx --input "symbol[1 1],hidden_in_1[2 1 320],hidden_in_2[2 1 320]"
mo --input_model rnnt_joint.onnx --input "0[1 1 1024],1[1 1 320]"
```
Please note that hardcoded value for sequence length = 157 was taken from the MLCommons but conversion to IR preserves
network [reshapeability](../../../../OV_Runtime_UG/ShapeInference.md), this means you can change input shapes manually to any value either during conversion or
inference.

Commit message:

Proofreading MO Guide
Minor stylistic and grammar corrections

docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/pytorch_specific/Convert_RNNT.md, after:

# Converting PyTorch RNN-T Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_pytorch_specific_Convert_RNNT}

This guide covers conversion of RNN-T model from [MLCommons](https://github.com/mlcommons) repository. Follow
the instructions below to export a PyTorch model into ONNX, before converting it to IR:

**Step 1**. Clone RNN-T PyTorch implementation from MLCommons repository (revision r1.0). Make a shallow clone to pull
only RNN-T model without full repository. If you already have a full repository, skip this and go to **Step 2**:
```bash
git clone -b r1.0 -n https://github.com/mlcommons/inference rnnt_for_openvino --depth 1
cd rnnt_for_openvino
git checkout HEAD speech_recognition/rnnt
```

**Step 2**. If you already have a full clone of MLCommons inference repository, create a folder for
pretrained PyTorch model, where conversion into IR will take place. You will also need to specify the path to
your full clone at **Step 5**. Skip this step if you have a shallow clone.

```bash
mkdir rnnt_for_openvino
cd rnnt_for_openvino
```

**Step 3**. Download pretrained weights for PyTorch implementation from [https://zenodo.org/record/3662521#.YG21DugzZaQ](https://zenodo.org/record/3662521#.YG21DugzZaQ).
For UNIX-like systems, you can use *`wget`*:
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/record/3662521/files/DistributedDataParallel_1576581068.9962234-epoch-100.pt
```
The link was taken from *`setup.sh`* in the *`speech_recoginitin/rnnt`* subfolder. You will get exactly the same weights as
if you were following the guide from [https://github.com/mlcommons/inference/tree/master/speech_recognition/rnnt](https://github.com/mlcommons/inference/tree/master/speech_recognition/rnnt).

**Step 4**. Install required Python packages:
```bash
pip3 install torch toml
```

**Step 5**. Export RNN-T model into ONNX, using the script below. Copy the code below into a file named
*`export_rnnt_to_onnx.py`* and run it in the current directory *`rnnt_for_openvino`*:

> **NOTE**: If you already have a full clone of MLCommons inference repository, you need to
> specify the *`mlcommons_inference_path`* variable.

```python
import toml
import torch
import sys


def load_and_migrate_checkpoint(ckpt_path):
    checkpoint = torch.load(ckpt_path, map_location="cpu")
    migrated_state_dict = {}
    for key, value in checkpoint['state_dict'].items():
        key = key.replace("joint_net", "joint.net")
        migrated_state_dict[key] = value
    del migrated_state_dict["audio_preprocessor.featurizer.fb"]
    del migrated_state_dict["audio_preprocessor.featurizer.window"]
    return migrated_state_dict


mlcommons_inference_path = './'  # specify relative path for MLCommons inferene
checkpoint_path = 'DistributedDataParallel_1576581068.9962234-epoch-100.pt'
config_toml = 'speech_recognition/rnnt/pytorch/configs/rnnt.toml'
config = toml.load(config_toml)
rnnt_vocab = config['labels']['labels']
sys.path.insert(0, mlcommons_inference_path + 'speech_recognition/rnnt/pytorch')

from model_separable_rnnt import RNNT

model = RNNT(config['rnnt'], len(rnnt_vocab) + 1, feature_config=config['input_eval'])
model.load_state_dict(load_and_migrate_checkpoint(checkpoint_path))

seq_length, batch_size, feature_length = 157, 1, 240
inp = torch.randn([seq_length, batch_size, feature_length])
feature_length = torch.LongTensor([seq_length])
x_padded, x_lens = model.encoder(inp, feature_length)
torch.onnx.export(model.encoder, (inp, feature_length), "rnnt_encoder.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['input', 'feature_length'], output_names=['x_padded', 'x_lens'],
                  dynamic_axes={'input': {0: 'seq_len', 1: 'batch'}})

symbol = torch.LongTensor([[20]])
hidden = torch.randn([2, batch_size, 320]), torch.randn([2, batch_size, 320])
g, hidden = model.prediction.forward(symbol, hidden)
torch.onnx.export(model.prediction, (symbol, hidden), "rnnt_prediction.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['symbol', 'hidden_in_1', 'hidden_in_2'],
                  output_names=['g', 'hidden_out_1', 'hidden_out_2'],
                  dynamic_axes={'symbol': {0: 'batch'}, 'hidden_in_1': {1: 'batch'}, 'hidden_in_2': {1: 'batch'}})

f = torch.randn([batch_size, 1, 1024])
model.joint.forward(f, g)
torch.onnx.export(model.joint, (f, g), "rnnt_joint.onnx", opset_version=12,
                  input_names=['0', '1'], output_names=['result'], dynamic_axes={'0': {0: 'batch'}, '1': {0: 'batch'}})
```

```bash
python3 export_rnnt_to_onnx.py
```

After completing this step, the files *`rnnt_encoder.onnx`*, *`rnnt_prediction.onnx`*, and *`rnnt_joint.onnx`* will be saved in the current directory.

**Step 6**. Run the conversion commands:

```sh
mo --input_model rnnt_encoder.onnx --input "input[157 1 240],feature_length->157"
mo --input_model rnnt_prediction.onnx --input "symbol[1 1],hidden_in_1[2 1 320],hidden_in_2[2 1 320]"
mo --input_model rnnt_joint.onnx --input "0[1 1 1024],1[1 1 320]"
```
> **NOTE**: Hardcoded value for sequence length = 157 was taken from the MLCommons, but conversion to IR preserves
network [reshapeability](../../../../OV_Runtime_UG/ShapeInference.md). Therefore, input shapes can be changed manually to any value during either conversion or
inference.
