src/bindings/python/docs/build.md, before:

# Building the OpenVINO™ Python API

**Refer to ["How to build OpenVINO" in OpenVINO™ developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/build.md) for general building instructions.**
For each platform, you can build and install the API as a part of OpenVINO™ Toolkit or as a Python wheel.

## Using Python Wheels for OpenVINO™
Wheels are portable Python packages that are ready to install upon download. They are the commonly used binary distributions in Python as they avoid the compiling of extension modules and associated dependency issues on the user end. As a result, wheels installation is faster and smoother, simplifying the process for both developers and users. The ```.whl``` format is the default preference for ```pip``` when you run a ```pip install``` command.

OpenVINO wheels for various platforms are available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/openvino/#files), enabling you to install OpenVINO™ in your Python distribution or a dedicated virtual environment.

OpenVINO builds two different wheels with separate ```setup.py``` files for [```openvino```](../wheel/setup.py) and [```openvino-dev```](../../../../tools/openvino_dev/setup.py). To build the wheels while building the project from source, your ```cmake``` command should include ```-DENABLE_PYTHON=ON``` and ```-DENABLE_WHEEL=ON```. Once built, the wheels can be found under ```openvino_install_dir/tools```.

While wheels make installation easier, using wheels for development offers less customization than building from source and exporting ```PYTHONPATH``` and other environment variables to OpenVINO directories. Wheels are usually provided for specific packaged versions and might not contain the most recent changes that are available if you choose to clone the repository and build it yourself.

To learn more about wheels and their use cases, check out the article [What Are Python Wheels and Why Should You Care?](https://realpython.com/python-wheels/).

## Virtual environments

OpenVINO can be built based on specific virtual environments such as [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html), [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) or [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv). It is highly recommended to use virtual environments during development. They improve development process and allow better management of Python versions and packages.

*Note: Supported Python versions can be found in ["System Requirements"](https://docs.openvino.ai/2025/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino/system-requirements.html).*

### Example: using pyenv with OpenVINO™ on Linux based system

1. First, set up the `pyenv` project. Please follow [official instructions of the pyenv project](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) for any additional information.


2. Install a desired Python version. Following example will use Python in version 3.10.7. To correctly link libraries, an installed Python version must match OpenVINO™:
    * Python with a shared library for a dynamically linked OpenVINO™:
    ```shell
    env PYTHON_CONFIGURE_OPTS="--enable-shared" pyenv install --verbose 3.10.7
    ```
    * Python with a static library version for a static build of OpenVINO™:
    ```shell
    pyenv install --verbose 3.10.7
    ```

3. Create a virtual environment based on the installed Python version:
    ```
    pyenv virtualenv 3.10.7 ov-py310
    ```

4. Activate the environment:
    ```bash
    pyenv activate ov-py310
    ```

5. Install developer requirements for OpenVINO™ Python API while inside virtual environment:
    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.git
    cd openvino
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/requirements.txt
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/requirements_test.txt
    ```
    If `-DENABLE_WHEEL=ON` flag is present in `cmake` command, additionally install wheel requirements:
    ```
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/wheel/requirements-dev.txt
    ```

6. Add following flags to the main `cmake` command to use specific virtual environment (requires cmake 3.16 and higher):
    ```shell
    -DPython3_EXECUTABLE=/home/user/.pyenv/versions/3.10.7/bin/python
    ```

7. Follow the rest of building and installation steps from ["How to build OpenVINO" developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/build.md).

## Project dependencies management
For details please refer to [Python requirements and version constraints management](./requirements_management.md).

## Run tests to verify OpenVINO™ Python API

Follow instructions in [How to test OpenVINO™ Python API?](./test_examples.md#Running_OpenVINO™_Python_API_tests) to verify the build.

## See also
 * [OpenVINO™ README](../../../../README.md)
 * [OpenVINO™ bindings README](../../README.md)
 * [Developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/index.md)

Commit message:

[PyOV] Add instruction on how to build free threaded Python API (#31898)
### Tickets:
 - N/A

Signed-off-by: p-wysocki <przemyslaw.wysocki@intel.com>

src/bindings/python/docs/build.md, after:

# Building the OpenVINO™ Python API

**Refer to ["How to build OpenVINO" in OpenVINO™ developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/build.md) for general building instructions.**
For each platform, you can build and install the API as a part of OpenVINO™ Toolkit or as a Python wheel.

## Using Python Wheels for OpenVINO™
Wheels are portable Python packages that are ready to install upon download. They are the commonly used binary distributions in Python as they avoid the compiling of extension modules and associated dependency issues on the user end. As a result, wheels installation is faster and smoother, simplifying the process for both developers and users. The ```.whl``` format is the default preference for ```pip``` when you run a ```pip install``` command.

OpenVINO wheels for various platforms are available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/openvino/#files), enabling you to install OpenVINO™ in your Python distribution or a dedicated virtual environment.

OpenVINO builds two different wheels with separate ```setup.py``` files for [```openvino```](../wheel/setup.py) and [```openvino-dev```](../../../../tools/openvino_dev/setup.py). To build the wheels while building the project from source, your ```cmake``` command should include ```-DENABLE_PYTHON=ON``` and ```-DENABLE_WHEEL=ON```. Once built, the wheels can be found under ```openvino_install_dir/tools```.

While wheels make installation easier, using wheels for development offers less customization than building from source and exporting ```PYTHONPATH``` and other environment variables to OpenVINO directories. Wheels are usually provided for specific packaged versions and might not contain the most recent changes that are available if you choose to clone the repository and build it yourself.

To learn more about wheels and their use cases, check out the article [What Are Python Wheels and Why Should You Care?](https://realpython.com/python-wheels/).

## Experimental free threaded Python build
To build the OpenVINO™ Python API with experimental free threaded Python support, add the following flag to your `cmake` command:

```shell
-DENABLE_GIL_PYTHON_API=OFF
```

This disables the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) in the Python API, enabling free threading. Note that this feature is experimental and may not be fully supported in all environments.

## Virtual environments

OpenVINO can be built based on specific virtual environments such as [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html), [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) or [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv). It is highly recommended to use virtual environments during development. They improve development process and allow better management of Python versions and packages.

*Note: Supported Python versions can be found in ["System Requirements"](https://docs.openvino.ai/2025/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino/system-requirements.html).*

### Example: using pyenv with OpenVINO™ on Linux based system

1. First, set up the `pyenv` project. Please follow [official instructions of the pyenv project](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) for any additional information.


2. Install a desired Python version. Following example will use Python in version 3.10.7. To correctly link libraries, an installed Python version must match OpenVINO™:
    * Python with a shared library for a dynamically linked OpenVINO™:
    ```shell
    env PYTHON_CONFIGURE_OPTS="--enable-shared" pyenv install --verbose 3.10.7
    ```
    * Python with a static library version for a static build of OpenVINO™:
    ```shell
    pyenv install --verbose 3.10.7
    ```

3. Create a virtual environment based on the installed Python version:
    ```
    pyenv virtualenv 3.10.7 ov-py310
    ```

4. Activate the environment:
    ```bash
    pyenv activate ov-py310
    ```

5. Install developer requirements for OpenVINO™ Python API while inside virtual environment:
    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.git
    cd openvino
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/requirements.txt
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/requirements_test.txt
    ```
    If `-DENABLE_WHEEL=ON` flag is present in `cmake` command, additionally install wheel requirements:
    ```
    pip install -r src/bindings/python/wheel/requirements-dev.txt
    ```

6. Add following flags to the main `cmake` command to use specific virtual environment (requires cmake 3.16 and higher):
    ```shell
    -DPython3_EXECUTABLE=/home/user/.pyenv/versions/3.10.7/bin/python
    ```

7. Follow the rest of building and installation steps from ["How to build OpenVINO" developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/build.md).

## Project dependencies management
For details please refer to [Python requirements and version constraints management](./requirements_management.md).

## Run tests to verify OpenVINO™ Python API

Follow instructions in [How to test OpenVINO™ Python API?](./test_examples.md#Running_OpenVINO™_Python_API_tests) to verify the build.

## See also
 * [OpenVINO™ README](../../../../README.md)
 * [OpenVINO™ bindings README](../../README.md)
 * [Developer documentation](../../../../docs/dev/index.md)
