docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_ONNX.md, before:

# Converting an ONNX Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_ONNX}

## Introduction to ONNX
[ONNX*](https://github.com/onnx/onnx) is a representation format for deep learning models. ONNX allows AI developers easily transfer models between different frameworks that helps to choose the best combination for them. Today, PyTorch\*, Caffe2\*, Apache MXNet\*, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit\* and other tools are developing ONNX support.

This page gives instructions on how to convert a model from ONNX format to OpenVINO IR format using Model Optimizer. To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).

## Convert an ONNX* Model <a name="Convert_From_ONNX"></a>
The Model Optimizer process assumes you have an ONNX model that was directly downloaded from a public repository or converted from any framework that supports exporting to the ONNX format.

To convert an ONNX\* model, run Model Optimizer with the path to the input model `.onnx` file:

```sh
 mo --input_model <INPUT_MODEL>.onnx
```

There are no ONNX\* specific parameters, so only framework-agnostic parameters are available to convert your model. For details, see the General Conversion Parameters section on the [Converting a Model to Intermediate Representation (IR)](Converting_Model.md) page.

## Supported ONNX\* Layers
Refer to [Supported Framework Layers](../Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md) for the list of supported standard layers.

## See Also
This page provided general instructions for converting ONNX models. See the [Model Conversion Tutorials](Convert_Model_Tutorials.md) page for a set of tutorials that give step-by-step instructions for converting specific ONNX models. Here are some example tutorials:
* [Convert ONNX* Faster R-CNN Model](onnx_specific/Convert_Faster_RCNN.md)
* [Convert ONNX* GPT-2 Model](onnx_specific/Convert_GPT2.md)
* [Convert ONNX* Mask R-CNN Model](onnx_specific/Convert_Mask_RCNN.md)

Commit message:

Docs: Add that ONNX models are compatible with OpenVINO

docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_ONNX.md, after:

# Converting an ONNX Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_ONNX}

## Introduction to ONNX
[ONNX*](https://github.com/onnx/onnx) is a representation format for deep learning models. ONNX allows AI developers easily transfer models between different frameworks that helps to choose the best combination for them. Today, PyTorch\*, Caffe2\*, Apache MXNet\*, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit\* and other tools are developing ONNX support.

This page gives instructions on how to convert a model from ONNX format to OpenVINO IR format using Model Optimizer. To use Model Optimizer, install OpenVINO Development Tools by following the [installation instructions here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_install_dev_tools.html).

ONNX models are directly compatible with OpenVINO Runtime and can be loaded in their native `.onnx` format using `net = ie.read_model("model.onnx")`. The benefit of converting ONNX models to OpenVINO IR format is that it allows them to be easily optimized for target hardware with advanced OpenVINO tools such as [NNCF](../../../optimization_guide/nncf_introduction.md).

## Convert an ONNX* Model <a name="Convert_From_ONNX"></a>
The Model Optimizer process assumes you have an ONNX model that was directly downloaded from a public repository or converted from any framework that supports exporting to the ONNX format.

To convert an ONNX\* model, run Model Optimizer with the path to the input model `.onnx` file:

```sh
 mo --input_model <INPUT_MODEL>.onnx
```

There are no ONNX\* specific parameters, so only framework-agnostic parameters are available to convert your model. For details, see the General Conversion Parameters section on the [Converting a Model to Intermediate Representation (IR)](Converting_Model.md) page.

## Supported ONNX\* Layers
Refer to [Supported Framework Layers](../Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md) for the list of supported standard layers.

## See Also
This page provided general instructions for converting ONNX models. See the [Model Conversion Tutorials](Convert_Model_Tutorials.md) page for a set of tutorials that give step-by-step instructions for converting specific ONNX models. Here are some example tutorials:
* [Convert ONNX* Faster R-CNN Model](onnx_specific/Convert_Faster_RCNN.md)
* [Convert ONNX* GPT-2 Model](onnx_specific/Convert_GPT2.md)
* [Convert ONNX* Mask R-CNN Model](onnx_specific/Convert_Mask_RCNN.md)
