docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/HDDL.md, before:

# HDDL device {#openvino_docs_OV_UG_supported_plugins_HDDL}

## Introducing the HDDL Plugin

The OpenVINO Runtime HDDL plugin was developed for inference with neural networks on Intel&reg; Vision Accelerator Design with Intel&reg; Movidius&trade; VPUs. It is designed for use cases that require large throughput for deep learning inference, up to dozens of times more than the MYRIAD Plugin.

## Configuring the HDDL Plugin

To configure your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design With Intel® Movidius™ on supported operating systems, refer to the Steps for Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs section in the installation guides for [Linux](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-linux.md) or [Windows](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-windows.md).

> **NOTE**: The HDDL and Myriad plugins may cause conflicts when used at the same time.
> To ensure proper operation in such a case, the number of booted devices needs to be limited in the 'hddl_autoboot.config' file.
> Otherwise, the HDDL plugin will boot all available Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ X devices.

## Supported networks

To see the list of supported networks for the HDDL plugin, refer to the list on the [MYRIAD Plugin page](MYRIAD.md).

## Supported Configuration Parameters

See VPU common configuration parameters for [VPU Plugins](VPU.md).
When specifying key values as raw strings (that is, when using the Python API), omit the `KEY_` prefix.

In addition to common parameters for both VPU plugins, the HDDL plugin accepts the following options:

| Parameter Name                        | Parameter Values | Default      | Description                                                                     |
| :---                                  | :---             | :---         | :---                                                                            |
| KEY_PERF_COUNT                        | YES/NO           | NO           | Enable performance counter option.                                              |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_GRAPH_TAG                | string           | empty string | Allows to execute network on specified count of devices.                        |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_STREAM_ID                | string           | empty string | Allows to execute inference on a specified device.                              |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_DEVICE_TAG               | string           | empty string | Allows to allocate/deallocate networks on specified devices.                    |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_BIND_DEVICE              | YES/NO           | NO           | Whether the network should bind to a device. Refer to vpu_plugin_config.hpp.    |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_RUNTIME_PRIORITY         | signed int       | 0            | Specify the runtime priority of a device among all devices running the same network. Refer to vpu_plugin_config.hpp. |

## See Also

* [Supported Devices](Supported_Devices.md)
* [VPU Plugins](VPU.md)
* [MYRIAD Plugin](MYRIAD.md)

Commit message:

Proofreading of 'Working with devices' section
Stylistic, grammar corrections. Fixing broken links.

docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/HDDL.md, after:

# HDDL Device {#openvino_docs_OV_UG_supported_plugins_HDDL}

## Introducing the HDDL Plugin

The OpenVINO Runtime HDDL plugin was developed for inference with neural networks on Intel&reg; Vision Accelerator Design with Intel&reg; Movidius&trade; VPUs. It is designed for use cases that require large throughput for deep learning inference, up to dozens of times more than the MYRIAD Plugin.

## Configuring the HDDL Plugin

To configure your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design With Intel® Movidius™ on supported operating systems, refer to the installation [guide](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-config-ivad-vpu).

> **NOTE**: The HDDL and Myriad plugins may cause conflicts when used at the same time.
> To ensure proper operation in such a case, the number of booted devices needs to be limited in the 'hddl_autoboot.config' file.
> Otherwise, the HDDL plugin will boot all available Intel® Movidius™ Myriad™ X devices.

## Supported networks

To see the list of supported networks for the HDDL plugin, refer to the list on the [MYRIAD Plugin page](MYRIAD.md).

## Supported Configuration Parameters

See VPU common configuration parameters for [VPU Plugins](VPU.md).
When specifying key values as raw strings (when using the Python API), omit the `KEY_` prefix.

In addition to common parameters for both VPU plugins, the HDDL plugin accepts the following options:

| Parameter Name                        | Parameter Values | Default      | Description                                                                     |
| :---                                  | :---             | :---         | :---                                                                            |
| KEY_PERF_COUNT                        | YES/NO           | NO           | Enables performance counter option.                                              |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_GRAPH_TAG                | string           | empty string | Allows executing network on specified count of devices.                         |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_STREAM_ID                | string           | empty string | Allows executing inference on a specified device.                               |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_DEVICE_TAG               | string           | empty string | Allows allocating/deallocating networks on specified devices.                   |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_BIND_DEVICE              | YES/NO           | NO           | Enables the network to be bound to a device. Refer to the 'vpu_plugin_config.hpp' file.    |
| KEY_VPU_HDDL_RUNTIME_PRIORITY         | signed int       | 0            | Specifies the runtime priority of a device among all devices running the same network. Refer to the 'vpu_plugin_config.hpp' file. |

## See Also

* [Supported Devices](Supported_Devices.md)
* [VPU Plugins](VPU.md)
* [MYRIAD Plugin](MYRIAD.md)
