docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow/model_preparation.md, before:

# Model Preparation {#openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction}

@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: Preparing models for OpenVINO Runtime. Learn about the methods
                 used to read, convert and compile models from different frameworks.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:


   Conversion Parameters <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_Conversion_Options>
   Setting Input Shapes <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Converting_Model>
   Convert from PyTorch <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_PyTorch>
   Convert from TensorFlow <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow>
   Convert from ONNX <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_ONNX>
   Convert from TensorFlow_Lite <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow_Lite>
   Convert from PaddlePaddle <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_Paddle>
   Supported_Model_Formats


To start working with OpenVINO, you need to obtain a model in one of the
:doc:`supported model formats <Supported_Model_Formats>`. The easiest way
to do so is to download a pre-trained network from an online database, such as 
`TensorFlow Hub <https://tfhub.dev/>`__,
`Hugging Face <https://huggingface.co/>`__, or 
`Torchvision models <https://pytorch.org/hub/>`__.

The OpenVINO workflow starts with converting the selected model to its
proprietary format, :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>`
(`openvino.Model <api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.runtime.Model.html>`__ -
`ov.Model <api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.runtime.Model.html>`__).
Although in most cases it can be done automatically, under the hood, explicit 
conversion may enable more optimization options and better performance. 
It is done in one of two ways:

* the Python API functions (``openvino.convert_model`` and ``openvino.save_model``) 
* the ``ovc`` command line tool. 

.. note::

   Model conversion API prior to OpenVINO 2023.1 is considered deprecated. 
   Existing and new projects are recommended to transition to the new
   solutions, keeping in mind that they are not fully backwards compatible 
   with ``openvino.tools.mo.convert_model`` or the ``mo`` CLI tool.
   For more details, see the :doc:`Model Conversion API Transition Guide <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_MO_OVC_transition>`.


Convert a Model in Python: ``convert_model``
##############################################

The Model conversion API in Python uses the ``openvino.convert_model`` function,
turning a given model to the ``openvino.Model`` object. The object may be used
further, compiled and inferred, or saved to a drive as :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>`
(``openvino.save_model`` produces a set of ``.xml`` and ``.bin`` files).

See how to use ``openvino.convert_model`` with models from some of the most popular
public repositories:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Torchvision

      .. code-block:: py
         :force:

            import openvino as ov
            import torch
            from torchvision.models import resnet50

            model = resnet50(weights='DEFAULT')

            # prepare input_data
            input_data = torch.rand(1, 3, 224, 224)

            ov_model = ov.convert_model(model, example_input=input_data)

            ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

            # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
            ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

            ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

            # compile model
            compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

            # run inference
            result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: Hugging Face Transformers

      .. code-block:: py

         from transformers import BertTokenizer, BertModel

         tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')
         model = BertModel.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")
         text = "Replace me by any text you'd like."
         encoded_input = tokenizer(text, return_tensors='pt')

         import openvino as ov
         ov_model = ov.convert_model(model, example_input={**encoded_input})

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data using HF tokenizer or your own tokenizer
         # encoded_input is reused here for simplicity

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model({**encoded_input})

   .. tab-item:: Keras Applications

      .. code-block:: py

         import tensorflow as tf
         import openvino as ov

         tf_model = tf.keras.applications.ResNet50(weights="imagenet")
         ov_model = ov.convert_model(tf_model)

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 224, 224, 3)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: TensorFlow Hub

      .. code-block:: py

         import tensorflow as tf
         import tensorflow_hub as hub
         import openvino as ov

         model = tf.keras.Sequential([
               hub.KerasLayer("https://tfhub.dev/google/imagenet/mobilenet_v1_100_224/classification/5")
         ])

         # Check model page for information about input shape: https://tfhub.dev/google/imagenet/mobilenet_v1_100_224/classification/5
         model.build([None, 224, 224, 3])

         model.save('mobilenet_v1_100_224')  # use a temporary directory
         ov_model = ov.convert_model('mobilenet_v1_100_224')

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 224, 224, 3)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: ONNX Model Hub

      .. code-block:: py

         import onnx

         model = onnx.hub.load("resnet50")
         onnx.save(model, 'resnet50.onnx')  # use a temporary file for model

         import openvino as ov
         ov_model = ov.convert_model('resnet50.onnx')

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 3, 224, 224)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)


* Saving the model, **Option 1**, is used as a separate step, outside of deployment. 
  The file it provides is then used in the final software solution, resulting in
  maximum performance due to fewer dependencies and faster model loading. 

* Compiling the model, **Option 2**, provides a convenient way to quickly switch from 
  framework-based code to OpenVINO-based code in your existing Python inference application. 
  The converted model is not saved to IR but compiled and used for inference within the same application.

Before saving the model to OpenVINO IR, consider :doc:`Post-training Optimization <ptq_introduction>` 
to achieve more efficient inference and smaller model size.


Convert a Model in CLI: ``ovc``
###############################

``ovc`` is a command-line model converter, combining the ``openvino.convert_model``
and ``openvino.save_model`` functionalities, providing the exact same results, if the same set of 
parameters is used for saving into OpenVINO IR. It converts files from one of the 
:doc:`supported model formats <Supported_Model_Formats>` to :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>`, which can then be read, compiled,
and run by the final inference application.

.. note::
   PyTorch models cannot be converted with ``ovc``, use ``openvino.convert_model`` instead.



Additional Resources
####################

The following articles describe in detail how to obtain and prepare your model depending on the source model type:

* :doc:`Convert different model formats to the ov.Model format <Supported_Model_Formats>`.
* :doc:`Review all available conversion parameters <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_Conversion_Options>`.

To achieve the best model inference performance and more compact OpenVINO IR representation follow:

* :doc:`Post-training optimization <ptq_introduction>`
* :doc:`Model inference in OpenVINO Runtime <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>`

If you are still using the legacy conversion API (``mo`` or ``openvino.tools.mo.convert_model``), please refer to the following materials:

* :doc:`Transition from legacy mo and ov.tools.mo.convert_model <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_MO_OVC_transition>`
* :doc:`Legacy Model Conversion API <openvino_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide>`




.. need to investigate python api article generation - api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.Model.html does not exist, api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.runtime.Model.html does.


@endsphinxdirective

Commit message:

[DOCS] improving the "conversion" section v2 (#20904)
adjustments to conversion and workflow

docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow/model_preparation.md, after:

# Model Preparation {#openvino_docs_model_processing_introduction}

@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: Preparing models for OpenVINO Runtime. Learn about the methods
                 used to read, convert and compile models from different frameworks.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   Conversion Parameters <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_Conversion_Options>
   Setting Input Shapes <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Converting_Model>
   Convert from PyTorch <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_PyTorch>
   Convert from TensorFlow <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow>
   Convert from ONNX <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_ONNX>
   Convert from TensorFlow_Lite <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow_Lite>
   Convert from PaddlePaddle <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_Paddle>
   Supported_Model_Formats


You can obtain a model in one of :doc:`supported formats <Supported_Model_Formats>`
in many ways. The easiest one is to download it from an online database,
such as `TensorFlow Hub <https://tfhub.dev/>`__, `Hugging Face <https://huggingface.co/>`__,
and `Torchvision models <https://pytorch.org/hub/>`__. Now you have two options:

* Skip model conversion and run inference directly from the source format. Conversion
  will still be performed but it will happen automatically and "under the hood." 
  This option, while convenient, offers lower performance and stability, as well as
  fewer optimization options.

* Explicitly convert the model to :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>`.
  This approach offers the best possible results and is the recommended one,
  especially for for production-ready solutions. Explicit conversion can be done in two ways:

  * the Python API functions (``openvino.convert_model`` and ``openvino.save_model``) 
  * the ``ovc`` command line tool. 

  Once saved as :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>` (a set of ``.xml`` and ``.bin`` files), 
  the model may be deployed with maximum performance. Because it is already optimized
  for OpenVINO inference, it can be read, compiled, and inferred with no additional delay. 

.. note::
   
   Model conversion API prior to OpenVINO 2023.1 is considered deprecated. 
   Existing and new projects are recommended to transition to the new
   solutions, keeping in mind that they are not fully backwards compatible 
   with ``openvino.tools.mo.convert_model`` or the ``mo`` CLI tool.
   For more details, see the :doc:`Model Conversion API Transition Guide <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_MO_OVC_transition>`.


Convert a Model with Python: ``convert_model``
##############################################

The Model conversion API in Python uses the ``openvino.convert_model`` function,
turning a given model into the `openvino.Model <api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.runtime.Model.html>`__
object and loading it to memory. Now it can be: saved to a drive with `openvino.save_model``
or further :doc:`optimized with NNCF <openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide>`
prior to saving.


See how to use ``openvino.convert_model`` with models from some of the most popular
public repositories:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Torchvision

      .. code-block:: py
         :force:

            import openvino as ov
            import torch
            from torchvision.models import resnet50

            model = resnet50(weights='DEFAULT')

            # prepare input_data
            input_data = torch.rand(1, 3, 224, 224)

            ov_model = ov.convert_model(model, example_input=input_data)

            ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

            # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
            ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

            ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

            # compile model
            compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

            # run inference
            result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: Hugging Face Transformers

      .. code-block:: py

         from transformers import BertTokenizer, BertModel

         tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')
         model = BertModel.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")
         text = "Replace me by any text you'd like."
         encoded_input = tokenizer(text, return_tensors='pt')

         import openvino as ov
         ov_model = ov.convert_model(model, example_input={**encoded_input})

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data using HF tokenizer or your own tokenizer
         # encoded_input is reused here for simplicity

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model({**encoded_input})

   .. tab-item:: Keras Applications

      .. code-block:: py

         import tensorflow as tf
         import openvino as ov

         tf_model = tf.keras.applications.ResNet50(weights="imagenet")
         ov_model = ov.convert_model(tf_model)

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 224, 224, 3)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: TensorFlow Hub

      .. code-block:: py

         import tensorflow as tf
         import tensorflow_hub as hub
         import openvino as ov

         model = tf.keras.Sequential([
               hub.KerasLayer("https://tfhub.dev/google/imagenet/mobilenet_v1_100_224/classification/5")
         ])

         # Check model page for information about input shape: https://tfhub.dev/google/imagenet/mobilenet_v1_100_224/classification/5
         model.build([None, 224, 224, 3])

         model.save('mobilenet_v1_100_224')  # use a temporary directory
         ov_model = ov.convert_model('mobilenet_v1_100_224')

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 224, 224, 3)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)

   .. tab-item:: ONNX Model Hub

      .. code-block:: py

         import onnx

         model = onnx.hub.load("resnet50")
         onnx.save(model, 'resnet50.onnx')  # use a temporary file for model

         import openvino as ov
         ov_model = ov.convert_model('resnet50.onnx')

         ###### Option 1: Save to OpenVINO IR:

         # save model to OpenVINO IR for later use
         ov.save_model(ov_model, 'model.xml')

         ###### Option 2: Compile and infer with OpenVINO:

         # compile model
         compiled_model = ov.compile_model(ov_model)

         # prepare input_data
         import numpy as np
         input_data = np.random.rand(1, 3, 224, 224)

         # run inference
         result = compiled_model(input_data)


* Saving the model, **Option 1**, is used as a separate step, outside of deployment. 
  The file it provides is then used in the final software solution, resulting in
  maximum performance due to fewer dependencies and faster model loading. 

* Compiling the model, **Option 2**, provides a convenient way to quickly switch from 
  framework-based code to OpenVINO-based code in your existing Python inference application. 
  The converted model is not saved to IR but compiled and used for inference within the same application.

Before saving the model to OpenVINO IR, consider :doc:`Post-training Optimization <ptq_introduction>` 
to achieve more efficient inference and smaller model size.


Convert a Model in CLI: ``ovc``
###############################

``ovc`` is a command-line model converter, combining the ``openvino.convert_model``
and ``openvino.save_model`` functionalities, providing the exact same results, if the same set of 
parameters is used for saving into OpenVINO IR. It converts files from one of the 
:doc:`supported model formats <Supported_Model_Formats>` to :doc:`OpenVINO IR <openvino_ir>`, which can then be read, compiled,
and run by the final inference application.

.. note::
   PyTorch models cannot be converted with ``ovc``, use ``openvino.convert_model`` instead.



Additional Resources
####################

The following articles describe in detail how to obtain and prepare your model depending on the source model type:

* :doc:`Convert different model formats to the ov.Model format <Supported_Model_Formats>`.
* :doc:`Review all available conversion parameters <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_Conversion_Options>`.

To achieve the best model inference performance and more compact OpenVINO IR representation follow:

* :doc:`Post-training optimization <ptq_introduction>`
* :doc:`Model inference in OpenVINO Runtime <openvino_docs_OV_UG_OV_Runtime_User_Guide>`

If you are still using the legacy conversion API (``mo`` or ``openvino.tools.mo.convert_model``), please refer to the following materials:

* :doc:`Transition from legacy mo and ov.tools.mo.convert_model <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_MO_OVC_transition>`
* :doc:`Legacy Model Conversion API <openvino_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide>`




.. need to investigate python api article generation - api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.Model.html does not exist, api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.runtime.Model.html does.


@endsphinxdirective
